Editorial review: Document recent FedCM additions, Chrome 122-136 (#40411)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/identitycredential/configurl/index.md

---
title: "IdentityCredential: configURL property"
short-title: configURL
slug: Web/API/IdentityCredential/configURL
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.IdentityCredential.configURL
---

{{APIRef("FedCM API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

The **`configURL`** read-only property of the {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}} interface returns a string specifying the config file URL of the IdP used for sign-in.

See [Provide a config file](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API/IDP_integration#provide_a_config_file_and_endpoints) for more information.

## Value

A string.

## Examples

> 

Reviewer: As I said somewhere else, it is now usual to have a level three heading describing the precise example shown, even if only one example is provided.

Author: updated (see earlier comment).

> Relying parties (RPs) can call `navigator.credentials.get()` with the `identity` option to make a request for users to sign in to the RP via an identity provider (IdP), using identity federation. A typical request would look like this:

Reviewer: Maybe, just because from now one we're going to get typical requests with multiple providers.
```suggestion
Relying parties (RPs) can call `navigator.credentials.get()` with the `identity` option to make a request for users to sign in to the RP via an identity provider (IdP), using identity federation. A request indicating a single provider would look like this:
```
